add python best practice and update python skills accordingly (#295)
microsoft/agent-skills: .github/plugins/azure-sdk-python/skills/azure-identity-py/SKILL.md

## Best Practices

1. **Pick sync OR async and stay consistent.** Do not mix `azure.xxx` sync clients with `azure.xxx.aio` async clients in the same call path. Choose one mode per module.
2. **Use credentials as context managers** (`with DefaultAzureCredential() as credential:`) when they own token caches / HTTP transports you want cleaned up; for async, use `async with` on credentials from `azure.identity.aio`.

> 3. **Use `DefaultAzureCredential`** for code that runs locally and in Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. **Use `DefaultAzureCredential`** for code that runs locally. Use a specific token credential for code that runs in Azure.
```
